Back I am in the JSFiddle editor, in a very basic vuejs application again. Get this button and this counter
data property which I'm outputting down there.
I want to hook up this button that when I click on it, it increases this counter. Well we already saw how
to hook this button up but now we understand a bit better what happened back then.
I'm using another directive, v-on
and if v-bind allows us to bind something in our template, to pass data to it, then v-on is kind
of the opposite, we bind to something or better said we listen to something to receive something from
our template.
And what do I want to receive here?
Well, an event.
So v-on also takes an argument and the argument is the name of the event we want to consume or
we want to listen to.
So let's say the event here is click and you're not limited to click,
you can use any dom event existing for the button,
this would include mouse enter, mouse leave, whatever default dom events are on a button and here, you
then pass as an argument or on the other side of the equal sign between the quotation marks, the function or the
code you want to execute when clicking on this button.
Now let's hook it up to a function, I'll name it increase and I'll add it down here where I'll add my
methods block and then the increase function where I obviously want to access the counter and increase
the value by 1. If I now hit control and click this button,
you see it increase there,
so that was pretty easy I guess.
Now let's dive deeper into events and learn more about them.